docs: add Radon 1.13 changelog (#1723)
software-mansion/radon-ide: packages/docs/docs/_changelog/1.13.x.md

---
version: "1.13.x"
date: "2025-11-07"
title: "Physical Android Devices, Apollo Client DevTools, Radon Pro & Team Plans"
---

- [**Physical Android Devices**](/docs/guides/physical-devices): Connect, build & run your application on physical Android devices.

<video autoPlay loop width="700" controls className="shadow-image changelog-item">
  <source src="/video/radon_physical_devices.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

- [**Apollo Client DevTools**](/docs/features/dev-tools#apollo-client): Inspect Apollo Client logs via built-in Apollo Client DevTools panel.

<img
  width="600"
  src="/img/docs/ide_devtools_apollo_client.png"
  className="shadow-image changelog-item"
/>

- **`view_component_tree` tool**: Radon AI can now request to view the currently mounted React component tree of your application.

> - Lots of improvements to the Network Inspector, React Query DevTools, and Radon AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lots of improvements to the Network Inspector, Redux DevTools, and Radon AI.
```
we've had a full reimplementation of Redux, and small fixes to React Query (related to plugin detection), so I assume this is what you meant.

Author: m'kay

> - From now on, after 15 minutes of use, Radon will lock itself when it detects there is no active license. [Buy a Radon Pro or Radon Team license](https://ide.swmansion.com) to enjoy all the best of Radon or redeem a Radon Free on [Radon IDE Portal](https://portal.ide.swmansion.com/signup) for a limited set of features.

Author: You're absolutely right!
